Add a note about UIDs in Entity Service API (#1209)
strapi/documentation: docs/developer-docs/latest/developer-resources/database-apis-reference/entity-service/crud.md

The [Entity Service API](/developer-docs/latest/developer-resources/database-apis-reference/entity-service-api.md) is built on top of the the [Query Engine API](/developer-docs/latest/developer-resources/database-apis-reference/query-engine-api.md) and uses it to perform CRUD operations on entities.

## Note about `uid`

The `uid` parameter used in function calls for this API is a `string` built with the following format: `[category]::[content-type]` where `category` is one of: `admin`, `plugin` or `api`.

> For example a correct `uid` to get users of the Strapi admin panel is `admin::user` or for the upload plugin: `plugin::upload.file`. For user-defined custom content-types if follows `api::[content-type]`. For example if a content-type `article` exists it is referenced by `api::article.article`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples:
- A correct `uid` to get users of the Strapi admin panel is `admin::user`.
- A possible `uid` for the Upload plugin could be `plugin::upload.file`.
- As the `uid`s for user-defined custom content-types follow the `api::[content-type]` syntax, if a content-type `article` exists, it is referenced by `api::article.article`.
```

> For better understing of a specific Strapi intance It is possible to get all possible content-type `uid`s by running [`strapi content-types:list`](https://docs.strapi.io/developer-docs/latest/developer-resources/cli/CLI.html#strapi-content-types-list) command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: tip
Run the `strapi content-types:list`](/developer-docs/latest/developer-resources/cli/CLI.md#strapi-content-types-list) command in a terminal to display all possible content-types' `uid`s for a specific Strapi instance.
```
